And so, in an Angular CLI project,
you have kind of two main folders here,
you have your source, and
then you have your end to end.
And so what they do is they
kind of separate that out.
Because typically when you run your end
to end test, that's kind of a separate
application that is responsible for
hitting your main application.
So that's separated out, but more so
in the source directory, we have apps and,
Within this we have our
main application stuff.
Now the question is,
let me just double check this real quick,
20, There we go.
All right, I just wanna make sure that
hopefully everybody can see this,
VS Code is a little funny about that.
And what you have here is, I want to
call out these four files real quick.
Is when you generate a component,
you're going to get an HTML file,
which is your template.
You're going to get a TS file,
which is, it's essentially a class.
And then you have a style sheet.
And then you have a spec.
And so to me, this is really, really cool.
Testing is one of these things where
it's not necessarily exciting.
But it's really, really, really important.
And I find that one of
the biggest barriers to entry to
testing is that it's just too
hard to get up and running.
And so
Angular has done a really good job of
generating working test for
you right out of the gates.
Now as you start to develop,
you need to update these.
But the fact that it's going ahead and
generating the spec file for you, when you
create it, or when you create this
component, is just a major convenience.
And so I think the big thing here that
I really want to call out is that
using the CLI and
generating your application and leveraging
the CLI, a couple of things are happening.
One, it's eliminating a lot of
the busy work that you're not having
to assemble these pieces and
really choose and decide.
So that's really important,
is velocity and ergonomics.
But is well is it's making
testing a first class citizen,
not only unit testing,
but end to end testing.
And although the CLI generates
with Protractor, which,
I don't want to marginalize those
contributions, it's based on Selenium.
And I think there's just some better
options out there, specifically Cypress.
And so, if you generate a workspace
using NX, then you get Cypress.
And so, but nonetheless,
unit testing is a first class citizen.
End to end testing is
a first class citizen.
It's set up for you, it runs.
And that's really, really nice.
And if you've ever been in a situation
where you have to kind of generate all
this stuff yourself or handwrite it,
not having to do that is really,
really fantastic.
And so it's well, these four files
are very, very, very consistent.
And the other thing that the CLI gives
you, is uniformity across your projects.
And so you know that if you're
on an Angular CLI project,
that when you generate something,
you know exactly what you're gonna get.
And it's based off of
the Angular style guide.
And so there's a lot of really,
really smart people,
I would say, collectively,
smarter than any one of us individually,
that have put a lot of thought into
how do we write Angular applications.
And so
if you just Google Angular style guide,
there's a really good
document document here.
And they've really put out some,
it's pretty well thought out,
but like, do this instead this.
And so
this is a really good starting point for
your team when you start to
think about best practices.
And so even in the pre kind of workshop,
it's like, well,
what are the best practices?
Well, it's documented, it's very clear,
it's in a very public forum.
And so when I go to an organization,
and I say,
I really want you to,
you really need to do this thing.
Well, when I get pushback from it like,
well, that's your opinion.
It's like, well, respectfully not.
It is my opinion, but respectfully,
it's not just my opinion.
But this is what the community
has adopted is best practices.
And so that's also really important.
Nothing's worse than you
get on an application and
you have some super clever person
in a vacuum that's just engineered
this thing that nobody understands but
this person.
I think really consistency is super,
super important.
I think I saw a hand up in the Zoom.
Because I think really
at the end of the day,
it's better to be consistent than
it is to be philosophically right.
And so, people spend so much energy in
commas, not commas, brackets, whatever.
Is if you spent that much energy
being consistent with your team and
coordinating and communicating,
it would just work out and
you'd still be able to
build awesome stuff.
So, again,
just kind of laying some pieces here,
that as you start to develop Angular
applications that you can reference these.
Not only to be effective as a developer,
but as a developer on a large team.
And so the style guide is
a really nice thing to reference.
Like, why are we doing this?
Well, they explain that, more importantly,
when another developers is like,
why do we use small functions?
I want to use a large function,
it's like, well,
style 1.02 says do this and
that's what John Papa says.
So, what would John Papa do?
And so this is,
the CLI is based off of that.
So with that said,
let me show you one other thing.
I see a hand.
>> How do you handle the topic
of state management?
Cuz the docs pretty much avoid NgRx or
anything like that.
>> So the question is how do
we handle state management?
And that is a question I'm going
to defer until later today.
And I have a lot of opinions
about state management.
I would spend the rest of
the day talking about it.
But, The reason why Angular itself,
the core
doesn't talk about state management, is
because those libraries are separated out.
And I really,
really like NgRx, I think it's a really
stable well thought out library.
But Mike Ryan, Brandon Roberts,
I think they're really
just classy individuals.
And I think at one time they were thinking
about pulling NgRx into Angular core.
And the decision was like, no, we don't
wanna force this kind of state management.
It's that we want to have
people to have options.
And so what I will talk about later
is state management outside of
a state management framework.
Because you can have NgRx or Akita or
whatever, you can even be doing Redux,
but you can be mishandling
state all the way upstream.
So I'd look forward to
to handling that topic.
I think a lot of times when we talk about
state management you have to address a lot
of kind of more fundamental concepts that
are actually making it a lot harder.
So even with test,
one of the reasons why tests are so
hard to write is because the code
that you're testing is so bad.
And there's just not enough time in the
world to write good tests for bad code.
And so it's one of these kind
of trailing indicator things.
So we'll definitely dig into some
state management more later.
So that was